# TERMS OF SERVICE
The terms of this agreement (“Terms”), “GaussianGames”, “we”, “us”, or “our” refer to GaussianGames owned by Estonian company Nordline Trans OÜ.
We provide our users (“GaussianGames Users”) with: Applications for mobile platforms or devices, Please read these Terms carefully because they govern your access to and use of our Services, GaussianGames Content, and User Content (defined below) and are legally binding.

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, BY CLICKING ON THE “SIGN UP” BUTTON WHERE APPLICABLE, OR BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR SERVICES OR BY DOWNLOADING OR POSTING ANY CONTENT ON OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS, WHETHER OR NOT YOU HAVE REGISTERED AS A MEMBER (DEFINED BELOW). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, THEN YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO ACCESS OR USE OUR SERVICES OR GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT.

Certain Services, and your access to or use of certain GaussianGames Content, may have different, Service-specific or GaussianGames Content-specific terms and conditions (“Rules”) posted or may require you to agree with and accept such additional Rules. If there is a conflict between these Terms and Service-specific Rules or GaussianGames Content-specific Rules, the applicable Rules will take precedence with respect to your use of, or access to, such Service or GaussianGames Content. In addition, GaussianGames offers access to third-party mobile applications available via our Services (each, a ”Third-Party Mobile Application”), which are designed by third-party publishers (each, a ”Third-Party Publisher”). You understand and agree that access to, and use of, any Third-Party Mobile Application shall be subject to terms and conditions of use where provided by the Third-Party Publisher of such Third-Party Mobile Application (“Third-Party Terms”). \
Before accessing or using the Service, including accessing any GaussianGames games, you must agree to these Terms of Service and the [Privacy Policy](PrivacyPolicy.md). You may also be required to register an account on the Service (an "Account"). By registering for an Account or otherwise using the Service, you affirm that you are the legal age of majority in your country of residence. If you are not, your legal guardian must review and agree to these Terms.
## 1. MODIFICATION
GaussianGames reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, discontinue or terminate our Services, including any portion thereof, on a global or individual basis, or to modify these Terms, at any time and without prior notice. If we modify these Terms, we will post these Terms as modified or otherwise provide you with notice of the modification. By continuing to access or use our Services after we have posted a modification to these Terms or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms. If the modified Terms are not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using our Services.
## 2.NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
By using our Services, you represent and warrant to GaussianGames that you will not use our Services, or any of the content obtained from our Services, for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms.
## 3.ELIGIBILITY AND REGISTRATION
YOU AGREE THAT IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF LEGAL MAJORITY WHERE YOU ACCESS THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN HAS READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREED TO THESE TERMS. 

In registering for a GaussianGames, you agree to monitor the account to restrict any use by minors. You accept full responsibility for any unauthorized use of our Services by minors, and this includes any use of your credit cards or other payment or settlement instruments or devices by minors. During the registration process, you will be required to provide certain information, and you will establish a username. You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information during the registration process and to update such information to keep it accurate, current, and complete. GaussianGames reserves the right to suspend or terminate your GaussianGames Account if any information provided during the registration process or thereafter proves to be inaccurate, not current, or incomplete. If you are not a Member, you may only browse or use in limited ways those parts of our Services that are not limited to Members only. You agree not to disclose your password to any third party or to allow any third party to use your GaussianGames Account, and you agree to take sole responsibility for any activities or actions under your GaussianGames Account, whether or not you have authorized such activities or actions. You will immediately notify GaussianGames of any unauthorized use of your GaussianGames Account. 

EVEN THOUGH WE USE THE WORD “YOUR” TO DESCRIBE A GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNT YOU REGISTERED FOR, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO OWNERSHIP OR OTHER PROPERTY INTEREST IN THE GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNT AT ALL, AND YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT ALL RIGHTS IN AND TO THE GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNT ARE AND ALWAYS WILL BE OWNED BY AND INURE TO THE BENEFIT OF GAUSSIANGAMES.

We will be entitled to assume that anyone logging into your account using your log in details is either you or someone logging in with your permission. If you fail to keep your login details secret, or if you share your login details or account with someone else (whether intentionally or unintentionally), you accept full responsibility for the consequences of this (including any unauthorized purchases) and agree to fully compensate us for any losses or harm that may result.
## 4.PRIVACY
Use of our Services is also governed by GaussianGames' Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about the GaussianGames Privacy Policy, please contact us via email at gaussiangames@gmail.com.
## 5.CONTENT
Certain types of content are made available on or through our Services: User Content means text, data, graphics, images, photos, video or audiovisual content, hypertext links and any other content uploaded, transmitted, or submitted by a Member on or through our Services. GaussianGames Content means text, data, graphics, images, illustrations, forms, documents, marketing materials, look and feel attributes, GaussianGames or our licensors' trademarks and logos, GaussianGames Applications and Third-Party Mobile Applications, and other content made available by GaussianGames on or through our Services, including any Customizations but excluding User Content. Customizations mean the modifications, designs, or enhancements to GaussianGames Content as a result of a Member's or a non-registered user's customization of a GaussianGames character using one of GaussianGames' interactive templates or design tools. For the avoidance of doubt, Customizations do not include User Content.
## 6.OWNERSHIP
Our Services and GaussianGames Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of People's Republic of China and foreign countries. Except as expressly provided in these Terms, GaussianGames and our licensors exclusively own all right, title, and interest in and to the Services and GaussianGames Content, including all associated intellectual property rights, including any patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, database rights, domain name rights, applications for any of the foregoing, moral rights and trade secret rights (“Intellectual Property Rights”). GaussianGames will exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to any Customizations and you hereby waive any and all rights you may have in any Customizations under copyright law or otherwise. You will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark, or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying our Services or GaussianGames Content.
## 7.GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT LICENSE
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, GaussianGames hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access, view, download and print, where applicable, any GaussianGames Content solely for your personal and non-commercial purposes. You will not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast, or otherwise exploit the Services or GaussianGames Content, except only as expressly permitted by these Terms. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise under any Intellectual Property Rights owned or controlled by GaussianGames or its licensors, except for the licenses and rights expressly granted by these Terms.
## 8.USER CONTENT
By making available any User Content on or through our Services, you hereby grant to GaussianGames a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, use, copy, adapt, modify, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, stream, broadcast and otherwise exploit such User Content only on, through or by means of our Services. GaussianGames does not claim any ownership rights in any such User Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights that you may have to use and exploit any such User Content. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for all User Content that you make available on or through our Services. Accordingly, you represent and warrant that: you either are the sole and exclusive owner of all User Content that you make available on or through our Services or you have all rights, licenses, consents, and releases that are necessary to grant to GaussianGames the rights in such User Content as contemplated under these Terms; and neither the User Content nor your posting, uploading, publication, submission or transmittal of the User Content or GaussianGames' use of the User Content (or any portion thereof) on, through or by means of our Services will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation.
## 9.NO INFRINGING USE
You will not use our Services to offer, display, distribute, transmit, route, provide connections to or store any material that infringes copyrighted works or otherwise infringes, violates, or promotes the infringement or violation of the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party.
## 10.RATINGS, CHAT, COMMENTS & FEEDBACK
You can chat and make comments about content made available on or through our Services (“Comments”). GaussianGames advises you to exercise caution and good judgment when leaving such Comments. We do not generally monitor, review, or moderate your Comments. Once you complete and submit your Comments on or through our Services, you should not expect to be able to go back and edit your Comments, nor should you expect us to make modifications to, or deletions of, your Comments on your behalf. You should be aware that you could be held legally responsible for damages to someone's reputation if your Comments are deemed to be defamatory. Without limiting any other terms or conditions of these Terms, GaussianGames may, but is under no obligation to do so, monitor or censor Comments and disclaims any and all liability relating thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, GaussianGames does reserve the right, in its sole discretion, to remove any Comments that it deems to be improper, inappropriate or inconsistent with the online activities that are permitted under these Terms. We welcome and encourage you to provide feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to our Services (“Feedback”). You may submit Feedback by emailing us at gaussiangames@gmail.com or by submitting through our Feedback system within our Services. You acknowledge and agree that all Feedback will be the sole and exclusive property of GaussianGames and you hereby irrevocably assign to GaussianGames and agree to irrevocably assign to GaussianGames all of your right, title, and interest in and to all Feedback, including without limitation all worldwide Intellectual Property Rights therein. Further, we are under no obligation to provide compensation for any Feedback. At GaussianGames' request and expense, you will execute documents and take such further acts as GaussianGames may reasonably request to assist GaussianGames to acquire, perfect, and maintain its Intellectual Property Rights and other legal protections in the Feedback.
## 11. VIRTUAL ITEMS AND VIRTUAL CURRENCY
GaussianGames owns, has licensed, or otherwise has the rights to use all GaussianGames Content appearing or originating in the Services, GaussianGames Applications, or Third-Party Mobile Applications, including virtual items (“Virtual Items”) and virtual currency (“Virtual Currency”). Virtual Items and Virtual Currency are provided solely for your personal and entertainment use, they may only be used in GaussianGames Applications or Third-Party Mobile Applications, and they have no “real world” value. By purchasing or receiving Virtual Items and Virtual Currency all that you receive is a limited license to use them in GaussianGames Applications or Third-Party Mobile Applications by these Terms or such other terms as may apply; Virtual Items and Virtual Currency are not your personal property and no ownership interest in them is transferred to you. The prices for and the amounts and kinds of Virtual Items and Virtual Currency available may be changed at any time without notice. Virtual Items and Virtual Currency that you receive may also be changed or discontinued at any time without notice. You cannot sell or transfer, or attempt to sell or transfer, Virtual Items or Virtual Currency, except only that where allowed you can exchange, within the Services, GaussianGames Applications, and Third-Party Mobile Applications, those Virtual Items and Virtual Currency that cannot be purchased with “real world” money (“Tradable Items”) for other Tradable Items so long as no money or anything of monetary value is paid or given for Tradable Items; any other purported or attempted exchange is strictly prohibited. Virtual Items and Virtual Currency may never be redeemed by you for “real world” money, goods, wares, merchandise, services, or anything of monetary value from GaussianGames or any other person.\
If you do not connect your game play on a device to an account that is linked to either your social network account or a GaussianGames account, we will not be able to restore any Virtual Money or other data associated with your Game play to a different device if you lose that device or it is damaged. Accordingly, on a device which is not connected in this way:
*	any risk of loss of Virtual Money which you purchase from us is transferred to you upon completion of the purchase as described in paragraphs above;
*	any risk of loss of Virtual Money that you receive from us without making a purchase is transferred to you at the time the Virtual Money is successfully credited to your account on our servers; and
*	any risk of loss of other data associated with your Game play (including, without limitation, your progress through the Game, or the level or score you have reached in our Games) is transferred to you immediately at the time such Game play data is generated.
## 12.ORDERS & PAYMENTS
YOU AGREE THAT IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18 OR WHATEVER IS THE AGE OF LEGAL MAJORITY WHERE YOU ACCESS THE SERVICES, YOU MAY MAKE PAYMENTS ONLY WITH THE INVOLVEMENT OF YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN, AND YOU REPRESENT THAT YOUR LEGAL GUARDIAN HAS READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREED TO THESE TERMS.\
You may purchase, with “real world” money, limited licenses to use Virtual Items or Virtual Currency from GaussianGames in accordance with these Terms, and you agree that all such purchases are final. If you order licenses for Virtual Items or Virtual Currency from GaussianGames that become unavailable before they can be provided to you, your only remedy is to request a refund of the purchase price from the payment processor of the transaction. Your orders for limited licenses to Virtual Items or Virtual Currency are offers for use of those Virtual Items or Virtual Currency, and if accepted those Virtual Items or Virtual Currency will be immediately downloaded to your GaussianGames Account. You expressly consent to the making available of Virtual Items and Virtual Currency immediately upon acceptance of your order. You expressly agree and understand that if you order limited licenses to Virtual Items or Virtual Currency from us, your right of withdrawal is forfeited upon acceptance as the performance begins immediately on acceptance. You understand and agree that GaussianGames provides no refunds for any purchases except only as expressly stated in these Terms.
## 13.TAXES
You are responsible for and will pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using a GaussianGames Account registered to you.
## 14. MOBILE OPERATING SOFTWARE PROVIDERS AND THIRD-PARTY PUBLISHERS
Providers of operating software for mobile devices (“OS Providers”) offer virtual storefronts and marketplaces for you to browse, locate, and download, among other things, mobile applications. If you download GaussianGames Applications or Third-Party Mobile Applications from a virtual storefront or marketplace operated by your OS Provider, please note that, in addition to complying with these Terms (and the terms and conditions of any applicable Third-Party Publisher), you must also comply with the terms and conditions of such virtual storefront or marketplace, such, as for example, Google’s Android Market. As for Third-Party Publishers, although GaussianGames is not a party to any license between you and any Third-Party Publishers with respect to Third-Party Mobile Applications, you acknowledge and agree that GaussianGames is a third-party beneficiary of each such Third-Party Mobile Application's end user license agreement. You also agree that, upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of the license to any such Third-Party Mobile Application, GaussianGames, as a third-party beneficiary, will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce such license against you. \
You are responsible for the internet connection and/or mobile charges that you may incur for accessing and/or using our Services. You should ask your mobile operator or internet service provider if you are unsure what these charges will be, before you access and/or use our Services.
## 15. INTERACTIONS BETWEEN USERS
You are solely responsible for your interactions (including any disputes) with other GaussianGames Users. Even if we choose to offer report user, block a user, or similar features on our Services, you will remain solely responsible for, and you must exercise caution, discretion, common sense, and judgment in, using our Services and disclosing personal information to other GaussianGames Users. You agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other GaussianGames Users, particularly if you decide to meet a GaussianGames User offline, or in person. Your use of our Services, GaussianGames Content, User Content, and any other content made available through our Services is at your sole risk and discretion and GaussianGames hereby disclaims any and all liability to you or any third party relating thereto. GaussianGames reserves the right to contact Members, in compliance with applicable law, in order to evaluate compliance with these Terms and any other applicable Rules. You will cooperate fully with GaussianGames to investigate any suspected unlawful, fraudulent, or improper activity, including, without limitation, granting authorized GaussianGames representatives access to any password-protected portions of your GaussianGames Account.
## 16. GENERAL PROHIBITIONS
You agree not to do any of the following while using our Services, GaussianGames Content, or User Content: Post, upload, publish, submit or transmit any text, graphics, images, software, music, audio, video, information or other material that: infringes, misappropriates or violates a third party's Intellectual Property Rights, or rights of publicity or privacy; violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate, any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to civil liability; is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person; or promotes illegal or harmful activities or substances (including but not limited to activities that promote or provide instructional information regarding the manufacture or purchase of illegal weapons or illegal substances). Use, display, mirror, frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose our Services, or any individual element or materials within our Services, GaussianGames' name, any GaussianGames or GaussianGames licensor's trademark, logo or other proprietary information, the content of any text or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without GaussianGames' express written consent; Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of our Services, GaussianGames' computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of GaussianGames’ providers; Attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any GaussianGames system or network or breach any security or authentication measures; Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by GaussianGames or any of GaussianGames’ providers or any other third party (including another GaussianGames User) to protect our Services or GaussianGames Content; Attempt to access or search our Services or GaussianGames Content, or download GaussianGames Content from our Services, through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by GaussianGames or other generally available third-party web browsers (such as Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari or Opera); Send any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, email, junk mail, spam, chain letters or other form of solicitation; Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a GaussianGames or GaussianGames licensor's trademark, logo URL or product name without GaussianGames’ express written consent; Use our Services or GaussianGames Content for any commercial purpose or the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms; Forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or newsgroup posting, or in any way our Services or GaussianGames Content to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide our Services or GaussianGames Content; Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing our Services; Collect or store any personally identifiable information from our Services, or from other users of our Services, without their express permission; Impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; Violate any applicable law or regulation; Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing; Post User content or take any action that infringes or violates the rights of another Member: Bully, harass or intimidate any Member of the Services; Solicit Member login credentials from another Member or collect User content or otherwise access the Services by automated means including but not limited to, bots, robots, spiders; Create an GaussianGames Account for anyone other than yourself; Use your Member profile for personal commercial gain; Use cheats, exploits, hacks, bots, mods or third party software designed to gain an advantage, perceived or actual, over other Members, or modify or interfere with the Service; Abuse or exploit a bug, glitch or mechanism in the Service; or Engage in any fraudulent behaviour, including but not limited to credit card scams or credit card misappropriation. Posting spam or reposting removed content in the official GaussianGames Forums. This includes but is not limited to posting the same content multiple times or reposting a thread or topic that has been removed from the forums. Unsportsmanlike behaviour. Account sharing, including but not limited to the sharing of username and password for others to log in for you. GaussianGames will have the right to investigate and prosecute violations of any of the above, including Intellectual Property Rights infringement and Services security issues, to the fullest extent of the law. GaussianGames may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who violate these Terms. You acknowledge that GaussianGames has no obligation to monitor or record your access to or use of our Services or GaussianGames Content, or to monitor, record, or edit any User Content, but agree that we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating our Services, to ensure your compliance with these Terms, or to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body. You acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning uploads, transmissions, or submissions of any User Content. GaussianGames reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to any User Content that GaussianGames, in its sole discretion, considers to be in violation of these Terms or otherwise harmful to our Services. We encourage GaussianGames Users to report any suspected misconduct or misuse of our Services by sending us an email to gaussiangames@gmail.com.
## 17. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY MATERIALS
Our Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that GaussianGames is not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by GaussianGames of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. If you elect to use our Services on mobile carrier networks, such a carrier's normal billing rates will apply. In addition, certain content, products, and services available via our Services may include materials from third parties, including Third-Party Mobile Applications. You agree that GaussianGames is not responsible for examining or evaluating third-party content, or such content's accuracy, and GaussianGames does not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any Third-Party Mobile Applications, or for any other materials, products, or services of third parties. You agree that you will not use any Third-Party Mobile Applications, or other third-party materials, in a manner that would infringe or violate the rights of any other party, and that GaussianGames is not in any way responsible for any such use by you.
## 18. SWEEPSTAKES AND CONTESTS
GaussianGames may permit the offer of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) through the Services. You should carefully review the rules (e.g., the “Official Rules”) of each Promotion in which you participate through the Services, as they may contain additional important information about GaussianGames’ rights to and ownership of the submissions you make as part of the Promotions and as a result of your participation in such Promotion. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such Official Rules conflict with these Terms, the terms and conditions of such Official Rules will control.
## 19. TERMINATION OF GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNTS
Without limiting other remedies, GaussianGames may at any time suspend or terminate your GaussianGames Account and refuse to provide access to our Services if GaussianGames suspects or determines, in its own discretion, that you may have or there is a significant risk that you have: (i) failed to comply with any provision of these Terms or any policies or Rules established by GaussianGames; (ii) engaged in actions relating to or in the course of using our Services that may be illegal or cause liability, harm, embarrassment, harassment, abuse or disruption for you, GaussianGames Users, GaussianGames or any other third parties or our Services; or (iii) infringed the proprietary rights, rights of privacy, or Intellectual Property Rights of any person, including as a repeat infringer. In addition, GaussianGames may notify authorities or take any other actions it deems appropriate, without notice to you, in the event of any of the above. You may terminate your GaussianGames Account at any time and for any reason by sending an email to gaussiangames@gmail.com.
## 20. EFFECTS OF TERMINATION, SUSPENSION OF ACCOUNT
Upon termination of your GaussianGames Account for any reason by you or us, you will lose all access to such account. Terminated GaussianGames Accounts cannot be reinstated; any GaussianGames Account that may be registered by you after the termination of a GaussianGames Account is a unique account. If your GaussianGames Account is terminated for any reason by you or us, you understand and agree that any Virtual Items to which you had access via your GaussianGames Account at the time of termination will be lost and no longer be available to you, and you will have no right to them. If your GaussianGames Account is terminated for any reason by you or us, you understand and agree that GaussianGames may redeem and use the Virtual Currency in the GaussianGames Account at the time of termination for any purpose that it may choose, and that on termination you will have no right to that Virtual Currency. In addition, if there is no activity in your GaussianGames Account for 3 years (Inactive Account), you understand and agree that (i) GaussianGames may redeem and use the Virtual Currency in the Inactive Account at such time for any purpose that it may choose, and that on the account becoming an Inactive Account you will have no right to that Virtual Currency; and (ii) any Virtual Items to which you had access via the Inactive Account up to the account becoming an Inactive Account will be lost and no longer be available to you, and you will have no right to them. YOU AGREE THAT GAUSSIANGAMES IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS OR VIRTUAL CURRENCY IN AN INACTIVE ACCOUNT OR THAT WAS IN A TERMINATED GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNT, NO MATTER HOW EITHER CAME ABOUT. After any termination, you understand and acknowledge that we will have no further obligation to provide our Services and all licenses and other rights granted to you by these Terms will immediately cease. GaussianGames will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of our Services or termination of your use of our Services. UPON ANY TERMINATION OR SUSPENSION OF YOUR GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNT, ANY CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR INFORMATION (INCLUDING USER CONTENT) THAT YOU HAVE SUBMITTED ON OUR SERVICES OR THAT WHICH IS RELATED TO YOUR GAUSSIANGAMES ACCOUNT MAY NO LONGER BE ACCESSED BY YOU. Furthermore, GaussianGames will have no obligation to maintain any information stored in our database related to your GaussianGames Account or to forward any information to you or any third party. Any suspension, termination or cancellation will not affect your obligations to GaussianGames under these Terms (including, without limitation, proprietary rights and ownership, indemnification and limitation of liability), which by their sense and context are intended to survive such suspension, termination or cancellation.
## 21.DISCLAIMERS
OUR SERVICES, GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT, AND USER CONTENT ARE PROVIDED AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, GAUSSIANGAMES EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. GAUSSIANGAMES MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT OUR SERVICES, GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT, OR USER CONTENT WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR BE AVAILABLE ON AN UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE BASIS. GAUSSIANGAMES MAKES NO WARRANTY REGARDING THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR CONTENT PURCHASED OR OBTAINED THROUGH OUR SERVICES OR THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS, OR RELIABILITY OF ANY CONTENT OBTAINED THROUGH OUR SERVICES. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM GAUSSIANGAMES OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES, GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT OR USER CONTENT, WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.
## 22.INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold GaussianGames, its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with User Content you submit to GaussianGames, your access to our Services or GaussianGames Content, or your violation of these Terms.
## 23.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT, AND USER CONTENT THEREIN REMAINS WITH YOU. NEITHER GAUSSIANGAMES NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING OUR SERVICES OR GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICES OR CONTENT THEREIN, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT GAUSSIANGAMES HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT GAUSSIANGAMES IS NOT LIABLE FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES AND THAT THE RISK OF INJURY FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. FURTHER, GAUSSIANGAMES WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU OR TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY USER CONTENT OR THIRD-PARTY CONTENT UPLOADED ONTO OR DOWNLOADED FROM OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES. IN NO EVENT WILL GAUSSIANGAMES’ AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE OUR SERVICES OR GAUSSIANGAMES CONTENT OR USER CONTENT THEREIN OR PROVIDED THEREBY EXCEED ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100). THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN GAUSSIANGAMES AND YOU. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, AND SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
## 24.TRADEMARKS & OTHER PROPRIETARY RIGHTS NOTICES
All trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names, and any other proprietary designations of GaussianGames or our licensors used in association with the Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of GaussianGames or our licensors. Any other trademarks, service marks, logos, trade names and any other proprietary designations are the trademarks or registered trademarks of the respective owners of same.
## 25. CONTROLLING LAW AND JURISDICTION
Sections 25.1 to 25.6 apply to you if you are a resident of the United States or Canada. They do not apply to you if you are a resident of any other country.
### 25.1. Informal Dispute Resolution
You must try to informally resolve any dispute directly with GaussianGames for at least thirty (30) days before you start an arbitration. The informal dispute resolution process starts when you give GaussianGames written notice of the dispute through gaussiangames@gmail.com.
### 25.2. Arbitration Agreement 
You and GaussianGames agree to resolve any disputes exclusively in final and binding arbitration as follows:\
Either you or GaussianGames may choose to submit any dispute for resolution exclusively by final and binding arbitration unless the claim is within the exceptions described below. If you or GaussianGames brings a claim in court that can be resolved by arbitration under this section, then either party can ask the court to order the parties to resolve the claim by arbitration. The arbitrator will have the exclusive authority to decide whether any portion of Section 25 (“CONTROLLING LAW AND JURISDICTION”) is valid or enforceable, or whether it applies to a claim.\
An arbitration proceeding will be held before a neutral arbitrator. This means you and GaussianGames agree to give up the right to resolve the dispute in a trial before a judge or jury. Arbitration has different rules than more formal lawsuits. For example, the ability to force the other side to share information may be more limited than the process called discovery in formal lawsuits. After the arbitrator decides the outcome, that decision will be final. You or GaussianGames can ask the arbitrator to put a decision or award and the reasons for it in writing. Either of us can ask a court to confirm or enter the arbitrator’s final decision or award, which will make it the same as a court judgment. You and GaussianGames will generally not be able to change the outcome of arbitration through courts outside of very limited circumstances. 
### 25.3. Arbitration Process
The arbitration will be run by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). AAA’s rules and procedures will be used for the arbitration, including the Consumer Arbitration Rules. But if there is a conflict between these Terms of Service and AAA’s rules and procedures, then we will follow these Terms of Service. To review AAA’s Rules or to start arbitration, you can go to AAA’s website. If either of us decide to start arbitration, we agree to provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules.\
The fees for arbitration will be determined by AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules. If the arbitrator decides that those fees are excessive, GaussianGames will pay the fees. Each side will pay their own attorneys’ fees and costs unless the claims allow for to the prevailing party to recover attorneys’ fees and costs, in which case the arbitrator may award them under the applicable law. If either party unsuccessfully challenges the validity of the arbitrator’s decision or award through a subsequent court case, the unsuccessful party shall pay the opposing party’s costs and attorneys’ fees associated with the challenge.\
The arbitration will take place either in San Francisco, California, USA or in the county or province where you reside.
### 25.4 Exceptions to Agreement to Arbitrate
You and GaussianGames agree that the arbitration agreement in Section 25.2 will not apply to the following disputes:\
Claims about GaussianGames’ intellectual property, such as claims to enforce, protect, or concerning the validity of GaussianGames’ copyrights, trademarks, trade dress, domain names, patents, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights.\
Claims related to piracy or tortious interference.\
Claims that are not subject to an arbitration agreement as a matter of law and are not preempted by federal law that would allow for an agreement to arbitration.\
Claims in small claims court.\
Any dispute not subject to arbitration under these exceptions shall be resolved by a court of competent jurisdiction as described in 25.8 (“Venue for Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration”).
### 25.5 No Class Actions
You and GaussianGames agree that we can only bring claims against each other on an individual basis.\
That means:\
You cannot bring a claim against GaussianGames as a plaintiff or class member in a class, collective, consolidated, or representative action.\
The arbitrator cannot combine any other person’s claims with yours into a single case or preside over any class, collective, consolidated, or representative arbitration proceeding.\
The arbitrator’s decision or award in your case will not apply to anyone else and cannot be used to decide other people’s disputes.\
If this section (Section 25.5 “No Class Actions”) is found to be unenforceable or invalid, then the entirety of Section 25, including Sections 25.1 to 25.6, shall be void.
### 25.6 Opt-Out of Arbitration Agreement and No Class Actions Provisions
You can choose to opt out of and not be bound by the Arbitration Agreement and No Class Action provisions above (Sections 25.1 to 25.5) by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to gaussiangames@gmail.com with the subject line “ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT.” You must send us this notice within thirty (30) days of your first use of the Service or availability of this opt-out, whichever is later. If you do not send us a notice within that time, you will be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of these paragraphs. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, GaussianGames also will not be bound by them.
### 25.7 Applicable Law  
If you are a resident of the United States or Canada: (1) the United States Federal Arbitration Act (including its procedural provisions) governs the interpretation and enforcement of the agreement to arbitrate and no class actions provisions of Section 25, and (2) any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy, or the Service shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of California, USA without regard to conflict of law provisions. \
If you are a resident outside of the United States and Canada, you agree that any claim or dispute arising out of or related to these Terms of Service, the Privacy Policy, or the Service shall be governed by the laws of Estonia without regard to conflict of law provisions. 
### 25.8 Venue for Disputes Not Subject to Arbitration
If you are a resident of the United States or Canada, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against GaussianGames that is not subject to arbitration under Section 25 must be resolved exclusively by a federal or state court located in San Francisco, California. You and GaussianGames consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California for all such claims or disputes.\
If you are a resident outside of the United States and Canada, you agree that any claim or dispute you may have against GaussianGames must be resolved exclusively by a court located in Tallinn, Estonia.
## 26. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between GaussianGames and you regarding our Services and GaussianGames Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between GaussianGames and you regarding our Services and GaussianGames Content.
## 27.ASSIGNMENT
You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without GaussianGames' prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null and of no effect. GaussianGames may freely assign these Terms. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors, and permitted assigns.
## 28.NOTICES
You consent to the use of: (i) electronic means to complete these Terms and to deliver any notices or other communications permitted or required hereunder; and (ii) electronic records to store information related to these Terms or your use of our Services. Any notices or other communications permitted or required hereunder, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be in writing and given: (i) by GaussianGames via email (in each case to the address that you provide) or (ii) by posting on or through our Services. For notices made by e-mail, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.
## 29.GENERAL
The failure of GaussianGames to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of GaussianGames. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You agree that (i) these Terms are intended to cover any Third-Party Publisher who is an affiliate of GaussianGames Limited. (“Affiliate Publisher”); (ii) your obligations to GaussianGames under these Terms extend to Affiliate Publishers as applicable unless otherwise agreed under any Third-Party Terms with any such Affiliate Publisher; and (iii) Affiliate Publishers are third party beneficiaries under these Terms who may rely on and directly enforce these Terms against you as such.
## 30.CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact GaussianGames at gaussiangames@gmail.com.
## 31.FORCE MAJEURE
GaussianGames shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of GaussianGames, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond GaussianGames’ control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labour or materials.
